open your eyes and pay strict attention
you can thank us later we're about to
make you feel like your apartment just
became twice the size now don't worry
there's no rent increase it's all thanks
to a unique and temporary line called
space savers
we're here at 969 Third Avenue in
Manhattan at the resource furniture
showroom to take a look around this fun
and fabulous space founded in 2000 by
Steve speed and Ron Barth resource
Furniture has gained a reputation for
providing interior designers architects
and specifies access to European
furniture not widely distributed in the
US our reason for visiting resource
furniture today is the space savers line
it reminds us of the movie Transformers
except pieces transform from desks into
beds couches into bunks and so much more
you will not believe your eyes and if
you're living in a typical Manhattan
apartment after seeing this you'll
probably never buy traditional furniture
again we spoke with one of the founders
of resource Furniture Ron Barth and his
passion for the line was obvious if
space savers are to be understood a New
Yorker understands what space is all
about what but the lack of space is all
about it really doesn't matter how big
your apartment is depending upon the
size of your family it just seems that
we never seem to have enough space
whether we're single people couples
people with children space is always a
premium in New York it's a fact of life
the real thing about our systems is that
they have more than one function you can
have a desk or a dining room table or
shelving a bookcase open or closed with
glass doors a sofa a whole sectional
that's that hides a bed system so that
you actually have a second function and
the reason why you save so much space is
because this second function is
performed so well resource furniture
found these years ago and we have been
working with the Italian factory which
is called clay
and they're in Italy and they produce
these remarkable systems and they are
the top-of-the-line systems of all
space-saving transformable furniture
made anywhere in the world there are 35
years of experience in making these
things allows us to give a lifetime
warranty on the product nothing ever
breaks these systems are almost
infallible there's very very few moving
parts there's just a tremendous amount
of great design and ingenuity in them in
this case what you have is you have a
system where you don't put something in
front of all but there is something in
front of the wall bed and it's
integrated into the system so you have a
desk that you when you bring down your
bed everything remains on your desk you
don't have to take anything off your
desk and then the bed comes down over
your desk or the desk raises up and the
bed comes down from under you know the
raised up desk
so the function happens in the same
space so you not only you're saving
space you're creating space the systems
are the slimmest most discreet the most
refined and highly Design Systems
anywhere in the world there's nothing
that can match the quality we have a
lifetime warranty and these products and
the mechanisms and the moving parts
there's very few moving parts because
they're so ingeniously designed and
there are the easiest and simplest
systems to operate ever made anywhere
aside from the beds we have a whole line
of tables that are a remarkable line of
tables they're made by a company called
multi función a in Italy and they are
really multifunction tables they're
beautiful coffee tables they are and
each coffee table has another function
either it turns into a kind of work
table at your sofa or it turns from a
console table into a dining-room table
or it turns from a coffee table into a
dining room table and these things
operate they function in seconds it's
not it's not like an arduous process
everything works again with fingertip
ease
there's hydraulics in the tables and
spring so that when you put the table
down to hydraulic catch at the table and
eases back down into the coffee table
position and everything works just
fabulously when somebody comes and sees
these things they are absolutely amazed
because there's a certain level of
expectation that you hope that you'll
see or what or whatever but when
somebody comes and sees the furniture we
exceed their expectations invariably
people stand there with a mouth a gate
they cannot believe how fabulous the
system is how well they work how easily
they work how smoothly they work how
efficient they are how it's more than
what we say they are they're better than
you can imagine
changes your life it changes the way you
inhabit your space and it changes the
way you can occupy utilize your space it
just becomes a different world it looks
like all is not as it seems to be
the space savers line is so practical
it's perfect for overnight guests that
small second bedroom studio apartments
kids rooms and virtually anywhere you
can imagine well you see what space
savers is all about now coming to the
resource furniture showroom and try out
the systems for yourself you don't have
to move to a bigger apartment you can
solve the problem of not enough space
with space savers and you can do it with
european-style visit the resource
furniture showroom at 969 third Avenue
at 58th Street or visit online at
resource furniture comm you can also
call two one two seven five three two
zero three nine